readme.md, before:

##Employee management system with Laravel

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/downloads.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/v/stable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/v/unstable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/license.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)

Laravel is accessible, yet powerful, providing powerful tools needed for large, robust applications. A superb inversion of control container, expressive migration system, and tightly integrated unit testing support give you the tools you need to build any application with which you are tasked.

## Official Documentation

This Project is only create for learn laravel.
This is the simple CRUD system of employee information like First name, Last name, Image ,etc 
Udate section is only for First Name and Last Name(Working)

## Installation

1.Clone the repo: git clone https://github.com/nadimsajib/fortest.git
2.change directory: cd fortest/
3.Install Laravel: composer install --prefer-dist
4.Update composer: composer update
5.Change your database settings in app/config/database.php
6.Migrate your database: php artisan migrate
7.View your application in browser.

This Project is only create for learn laravel.

### License

The Laravel framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

Commit message:

add instruction for windows user

readme.md, after:

##Employee management system with Laravel

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/laravel/framework)
[![Total Downloads](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/downloads.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)
[![Latest Stable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/v/stable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)
[![Latest Unstable Version](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/v/unstable.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)
[![License](https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/framework/license.svg)](https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/framework)

Laravel is accessible, yet powerful, providing powerful tools needed for large, robust applications. A superb inversion of control container, expressive migration system, and tightly integrated unit testing support give you the tools you need to build any application with which you are tasked.

## Official Documentation

This Project is only create for learn laravel.
This is the simple CRUD system of employee information like First name, Last name, Image ,etc 
Udate section is only for First Name and Last Name(Working)

## Installation

1.Clone the repo: git clone https://github.com/nadimsajib/fortest.git

2.change directory: cd fortest/

(Windows users must include the bundled php_fileinfo.dll DLL file in php.ini to enable this extension)

3.Install Laravel: composer install --prefer-dist

4.Update composer: composer update

5.Change your database settings in app/config/database.php

6.Migrate your database: php artisan migrate

7.View your application in browser.

This Project is only create for learn laravel.

### License

The Laravel framework is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
